Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad have
responded to a usbank proposal for a
ceasefire in Gaza they've sent their
reply to the katari and Egyptian
mediators the exact wording hasn't been
disclosed though but they say it is
responsible and positive in a joint
statement they've said the response
prioritizes the interests of our
Palestinian people and the necessity of
completely stopping the ongoing
aggression against Gaza and Israel's
withdrawal from the entire Gaza Strip
the Palestinian delegation expressed his
Readiness to deal positively to reach an
agreement to end this war against Our
People based on a sense of national
responsibility they've also proposed
amendments to the proposal which include
Israeli troops pulling out immediately
from the Rafa border crossing and the
Philadelphia Corridor which runs along
the border with
Egypt let's head to Central Gaza now and
speak to hind HUD who's live for us
there in De alala uh hind I mean is it
possible to gauge reaction to a
tentative ceasefire there while the
violence continues
well people have no other choice other
than being hopeful about the ceasefire
this time because they're drained
they're exhausted they're waiting for
any news uh every single morning since
the morning people have been asking us
is there any update is there a ceasefire
do you know when are we going to go back
to our homes are we uh when is the
fighting going to stop are we allowed to
to go to the north and mobilize across
the Gaza Strip normally uh Palestinians
are very frustrated and the past couple
of months were very hectic for them
especially that they have been displaced
for more than one time uh families are
are separated from their beloved ones
and they're also saying that they are
waiting for a ceasefire to go and search
for their beloved ones trapped under the
rubble Palestinians yes are are are
hopeful but they're also cautious that
this attempt would fail just like the
other attempts uh they're all asking and
waiting uh for any update on this uh uh
deal so with us in because uh Aid groups
say Palestinians are suffering from
catastrophic levels of hunger and
starvation dozens of people have died of
hunger and
dehydration this is 8-year-old Hanan
this video was filmed just days before
she died of malnutrition her brother too
died last week of starvation
um H back to you these of course are
deeply shocking upsetting images to see
it is important though that we do see
them to to to uh be able to tell the
full extent of what uh is going on in
Gaza tell us more about reports of
malnutrition how badly are people
affected well Hanan is one of the
children that suffered from malnutrition
and was supposed to be transferred
abroad to receive reive her medical
treatment but she was bonded because the
ra Crossing has been closed since the
Israeli forces started their uh uh
military operations there we're talking
about Hanan and dozens of other
Palestinians that died due to
malnutrition according to UNICEF there
are
3,000 Palestinian children in risk of
death due to malnutrition and we spoke
to families of uh and the parents of
those uh malnutrition kids they said
that they're seeing their children dying
slowly in front of their eyes because
they can't feed them there is no food
there's no medicine and there also no
way they could leave the CLE strip to
receive their medical treatment so
Palestinians are feeling helpless uh
they can't help their children in any
way but this Hanan died today after
weeks of suffering and weeks of of a
calling to get her transfer uh to Egypt
but unfortunately she did not make it
and it's it was a very sad day for her
family today she was living here in Al
oxa hospital and all of the journalists
were talking about her the past couple
of days because they were trying to make
an urgent appeal for her to get
evacuated but unfortunately there was no
time and she passed away Hanan is only
one of 3,000 Palestinian children that
is still in risk of death due to
malnutrition yeah the devastating story
of 8-year-old Anan one of many children
in dire condition in Gaza at the moment
HD kud there in der Bella many thanks
for
that make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz